jun 19 monday

- ate cai png
went to school, learned about the history of internet 'arpanet' internet2, IP address

then next subject we developed our own website using sites.google.com 

then at home I studied discrete math and python.
june 20 - no log
june 21 wednesday
CT math full marks, complete CS assignment. nothing else.


june22 
learn about math, probability and boolean theory

june 23

finished CS group assignment (school network)
did some leetcode
study google cyber security

june 26 mon

used chat gpt to give me a course outline for data structures and algorithms, gaining the knowledge of the course and having the skills to code in python will be the key to getting a job as a software developer. 

jun27

database class- erd diagram- went to meetup on machine learning. (Falcon - open source) task: come up with a usecase for falcon.

jun28

leetcode, nothing interesting

june 29

holiday

june 30

finish making database for TODO LIST project
with the help of chatgpt, html,css,javascript, database done. Need to create more features for website then host it.


july 1

data struc, algorithm, problem solving **

july 3

nothing interesting, 

july 4

more data structure and algo, learning about ER diagram and normalization

july 5

Made Cyber security portfolio, got accepted as coursera scholar

july 6

aliens!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! are!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!real!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

july 8

made a vm and installed ubuntu, got to use tcpdump and wireshark, I want to learn about SIEMS next, specifically splunk

july 10

classtest, boring day...

july 11

Finished course 3 of google cert, almost done with 4th (linux course)
learnt about linux distros
Task: Use VMware to run Kali linux
already did wireshark and tcpdump next is burp suite, metasploit and more

july 12

made a script for lorebound channel


july 13

learn SQL- solved medium leetcode no help - finished UFO script for youtube ( good gym session)

july 14

learned sql injections - going to work on personal website blog-

july 15

just a chill day...

july 17

chill day, learning bug bounty (start hacking)


july 18

learned react, next.js

trying to learn more to create website.


july 19

figured out react, now starting my first react app with next.js, now time to build websites with MUI . 

july 20 

took a break from everything, feeling stressed out. 

july 21

watched oppenheimer

july 22

learned about spftware developement cycle.
almost done with google cybersecurity. need to finish it by end of month. Learning more about React JS 

july 25

nothing much.


july 26

finished course 6 of google cybersecurity
(SIEMS/IDS/SURICATA)
